Add def between disconnect and Destroy (#106)
CiscoTestAutomation/pyats: docs/topology/usage.rst

                            'helper': 'console'},
                            log_stdout = False)

> This is a convenience function using threads under the hood to perform perform

Reviewer: This is a convenience function using threads under the hood to perform

per device ``.disconnect()`` asynchronously.

* After disconnecting from devices, the connection objects will be remains,
and can be checked by command ``.conectionmgr.connections``, the same objects

> will be used to connect to device again.

Reviewer: After disconnecting from devices, the connection objects will remain

Destroy connections to all device
----------------------

> ``Testbed`` object provides ``Testbed.destroy()`` function, allowing you
> to destroy connections asynchronously from multiple testbed devices. Unlike
> ``.disconnect()``, If ``.destroy()`` used, all connection objects will be
> completely removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``Testbed`` object provides ``Testbed.destroy()`` function, allowing you
to destroy connections asynchronously to multiple testbed devices. Unlike
``.disconnect()``, if ``.destroy()`` is used, then all connection objects will be
completely removed.
```
